implement Installation.md and document using setup-go (#2190)
microsoft/go: README.md

recommend migrating existing Go projects to use the Microsoft build of Go. This
guide also helps resolve commonly encountered issues.

> The following installation methods are available. See [Installation](eng/doc/Installation.md) for full details.

Reviewer: I think we should try to make sure it doesn't seem like "full details" are different from what you get by clicking one of the links below.

```suggestion
The [Installation](eng/doc/Installation.md) documentation contains sections describing each of the following installation methods:
```
